This section shows my hobby: Collecting old stuff. While my main collection are visor caps, my intrest in Austria-Hungary and the First World War makes me collect other things as well. Right now, I'm looking to accuire field glasses from the First World War (preferably from Austria-Hungary), more medals in general and a visor caps from Switzerland and England and a coat from the Wehrmacht.

This list is ordered from newest to oldest.

Ceremonial visor cap of a USSR officer.
This visor cap is part of the whole uniform I own as well.

Russian ushanka.
I won this Ushanka in a Ukrainian auction. Accordingly, it also comes from Ukraine. Let me tell you, it was a pain to get this thing into Austria. For three months, the seller and I texted back and fourth because Ukraine is not part of the SWIFT payment system, so sending and receiving money is way more complicated. But now it's here and I am happy.


United States M1 helmet.
A very popular helmet, featured in many films and worn by many countries - not just USA - in many wars. The helmet actually consists of two helmets. The outer shell is from Mangalloy and is worn during battle with the inner shell. The inner shell is made of plastic and was also worn for ceremonial purposes. My inner shell looks a bit scratched unfortunately, but it could be worse. I'm also lucky to have a net around the helmet. That was used for better camuflage, as the outer shell used to reflect more light if it got wet. The netting could also be used to store some extra items.


*Wehrmacht General Schirmmütze*
No, I am NOT a Nazi, I am a semi-constitutional monarchist. This visor cap is a <i>replica</i>, so it's not real, please don't sue me. I bought it because, in my opinion, a visor cap from the 1935–1945 German military is mandatory in such a collection. But real ones cost too much for me :(


DDR Airforce visor cap.
This one comes from the last stock and is therefore in completely new condition. I have to say, the communist were cooking with this design.


Chinese Police officer visor cap/USSR visor cap of an air force officer.
This was a double-buy from the same seller. The chinese one is, to this day, my most "exotic" and also cheapest feeling of all (well well well). The USSR Air Force one is in beautiful condition and looks incredible. These USSR caps are always so tall so it looks a bit goofy to wear them.


Bundesheer visor cap with the rank of Fähnrich.
My next purchase had to be from the Austrian Bundesheer. So that's what I was looking for. And i found one. This one is from a Fähnrich, the lowest ranking officer. On the inside is still the Surname of the owner "Berthold".


M69 USSR army officer of infantry troops.
This is where all began. September 2023. Found this visor cap on a flea market in Innsbruck and instantly bought it. Months before this purchase I already told myself to start a collection with these kind of caps. And when I saw it on the market, I instantly fell in love.